Updated all Readmes (#824)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: packages/mgt-element/README.md

The `@microsoft/mgt-element` package exposes the `Providers` namespace that enables global usage of the authentication providers across your entire app. 

This example illustrates how to instantiate a new provider (MsalProvider in this case) and use it across your app:

1. Install the packages 

    ```bash
    npm install @microsoft/mgt-element @microsoft/mgt-msal-provider
    ```

1. Create the provider

    ```ts
    import {Providers} from '@microsoft/mgt-element';
    import {MsalProvider} from '@microsoft/mgt-msal-provider';

    // initialize the auth provider globally
    Providers.globalProvider = new MsalProvider({clientId: 'clientId'});
    ```

1. Use the provider to sign in and call the graph:

    ```ts
    import {Providers, ProviderState} from '@microsoft/mgt-element';

    const handleLoginClicked = async () => {
      await Providers.globalProvider.login();

      if (Providers.globalProvider.state === ProviderState.SignedIn) {
        let me = await Provider.globalProvider.graph.client.api('/me').get();
      }
    }
    ```

You can learn more about how to use the providers in the [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/toolkit/providers).

> The providers work well with the `@microsoft/mgt-components` package and all components use the provider automatically when they need to call the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The providers work well with the `@microsoft/mgt-components` package and all components use the provider automatically when they need to call Microsoft Graph.
```

## Create your own provider

> In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add mgt components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt` provides two ways to create new providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add Microsoft Graph Toolkit components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt` provides two ways to create new providers:
```

Reviewer: Should this be "`@microsoft/mgt-element` provides two ways to create new providers:"?

> In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add mgt components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt` provides two ways to create new providers:

Author: ```suggestion
In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add mgt components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt-element` enables two ways to create new providers:
```

> In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add Microsoft Graph Toolkit components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt` provides two ways to create new providers:

Author: ```suggestion
In scenarios where you want to use the Providers namespace and/or add Microsoft Graph Toolkit components to an application with pre-existing authentication code, you can create a custom provider that hooks into your authentication mechanism. `@microsoft/mgt-element` enables two ways to create new providers:
```
